\section{DATA-CENTRIC AI - EXECUTION AND ANALYSIS}

Data preparation is a notable example of tedious step of machine learning(ML) lifecycle. Since data quality directly affects a model’s quality, it is also one of the most crucial processes. This section will discuss the significance of exploratory data analysis (EDA), data visualization, and other tools for preparing data for machine learning (ML) pipelines and identifying data quality problems. Data scientists examine and glean essential insights from the data using EDA techniques. Additionally, efficient EDA dramatically benefits from the talents and subject expertise of data scientists in this area. To encourage more statisticians, particularly academics, to research a wide range of fascinating difficulties,We present the traditional yet current subject of data quality from a statistical perspective. The data quality landscape is discussed along with the research underpinnings in computer science, overall quality management, and statistics.

The use of two case studies based on an EDA approach to data quality motivates a collection of research questions for statistics that cover theory, methodology, and software tools. Data visualization is a crucial EDA approach that uses visual elements like charts and graphs to make analysis simple and efficient. When it comes to data quality profiling, visual EDA is very pertinent. With visual features like charts and graphs, data visualization is a crucial EDA technique that simplifies and streamlines analysis.Visual EDA is especially pertinent in the context of data quality profiling. To investigate and summarise multiple data sets, data scientists use exploratory data analysis (EDA), which typically employs data visualisation tools. By figuring out how to alter data sources to best obtain the required answers, it makes it easier for data scientists to detect trends, spot anomalies, test hypotheses, or validate assumptions. EDA aids in comprehending the variables used in data collecting and how they relate. Typically, it is used to look into what information the data might reveal outside of the formal modelling or hypothesis testing assignment. It can also assist you in determining the suitability of the statistical methods you're considering using for data analysis. John Tukey, an American mathematician, developed EDA methods, which are still extensively used in the data discovery process. EDA's main objective is to help with data analysis before making any assumptions. It can help with identifying obvious errors, better comprehending data patterns, identifying outliers or unexpected events, and identifying fascinating relationships between the variables. Data scientists can make sure their findings are accurate and pertinent to any targeted business objectives by using exploratory analysis. EDA assists stakeholders by making sure they are asking the right questions. EDA can help in answering inquiries about standard deviations, categorical variables, and confidence intervals.

After it is finished and new insights have been discovered, EDA can be utilised for more sophisticated data analysis or modelling, including machine learning. Consider data to be a shared resource, Applications are built on its framework.But when understood, processed, and stored within the application scope, the same data is handled differently in terms of description, access, and protection. Reusability will be made possible and is a crucial step in the transformation when a shared asset model for data. The data architecture complexicity  rises due to data duplication brought on by data silos and an application-centric perspective, notably in data protection and provenance issues. A flexible, consistent data model is required to describe data. The system must have a shared understanding to share, interpret, and process data.

Reusability is restricted by the enormous number of ideas an engineer must be familiar with and comprehend if each application retains its data model. Data redundancy is increased by limited reusability, which causes more complex data governance. The total system complexity and the number of data concepts are directly correlated. A smooth flow can be achieved by maintaining the appropriate interfaces for data delivery. Interfaces that are well-defined and simple to use are critical for reuse and an essential technological asset for data management. There should be a set of guidelines and rules for data governance that are implemented. So, in the ideal case scenario, the technical implementation should be intimately related to the governance process. It is necessary to create and implement some guidelines for data maintenance.

The likelihood of reuse on a bigger scale increases with the degree of openness of the unified data model. Since brand-specific vehicle software architectures are common in the automobile industry, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) have been developing them to satisfy the requirements of a single brand or company. This sense has countless permutations of components, including transit buses and procedures. However, the data architecture itself is one area that might be changed without harming brand-specific solutions. Data is now the centre of digital transformation and the most crucial component of architecture. But this only works if everyone is aware of the information. To guarantee adaptability, scalability, and a decoupled infrastructure, standards must be established. Additionally, as more OEMs and members of the community get involved in the standards, the ongoing work to fix possible problems with the data models will result in a major improvement in data accuracy.

The adoption of a data-centric approach can be achieved by combining several steps. For AI systems to be able tolearn from the smaller data sets that are readily available in most businesses, research teams should first focus on assuring good quality data. This involves ensuring that the data collected adequately shows the ideas we want the AI to learn. Corporate domain professionals should handle data engineering together with AI specialists. By doing this, AI is made simpler and, as a result, more available to various sectors. Rather than investing time and energy in creating software, teams might use ML Ops platforms, with much of the scaffolding software required to make an AI system easier to produce. As a result, the time between proof of concept and production will drastically shorten to just a few weeks instead of taking years.
