\section{DEVELOPMENTS IN RECENT TIMES}

We have dealt with the unparalleled significance of Data-Centric AI over Model-Centric AI. In recent times, industries are witnessing some prominent shift in their core architecture and becoming more data oriented. Some firms are bringing more data-centric approach towards solving their daily tasks. A new division has developed a number of tools, including CleanLab, LandingLens, Snorkel, AutoAugment, HoloClean, Albumentations, etc., to support various production processes in response to identifying and resolving the stepwise challenges encountered in the current workflow methodologies, where data engineering and model engineering are split into separate cycles. Such an advancement has been made possible by structured thinking and the division of tasks into mutually exclusive yet cumulatively exhaustive parts. Various benchmarks, such as dcbench, ImageNet, and MLPerf, have been developed to assess and validate the effectiveness and quality of said tools based on several parameters, which may be generalised based on training data size, budget-restricted data-cleaning, object-detection, computer-vision, etc.

The pipelines of creating AI-enhanced robots are being managed by RoboFlow, a cloud-based workflow management system founded in January 2020. RoboFlow is data-centric, in contrast to the majority of conventional robotic development techniques, which are largely process-centric. This remarkable trait makes it particularly ideal for creating data-driven AI-enhanced robots. RoboFlow breaks down the entire robotic development process into 4 building blocks, starting with data processing and moving on through algorithm development, back testing, and application adaptation.

A very broad interdisciplinary, Materials Science (MS), discipline that targets to detect and form new materials, is particularly affected by the transition from theory to practice—predicting structural features and discovering novel materials like perovskites, nanoparticles, and nanoclusters. By using Machine Learning, we can obtain new types of interatomic potentials—specifically, the ML potentials applied to a wide range of material systems with accuracy equivalent to that of first-principles calculations—has been a particularly active topic. Despite the advent of computing methods for modelling quantum mechanics in the 1970s, calculations were still constrained by the quantity of atoms and electrons, which results in ever longer run-times. Modern computational methods to electronic structures are based on solving the Kohn-Sham (KS) equation, which has made important advancements in the materials sciences. The KS total energy of anatase TiO2 nanoparticles (NPs) at various temperatures may be predicted quickly and correctly using only a little amount of theoretical data utilising a novel, data-centric machine learning methodology that we have mentioned earlier. Therefore, a shift to a more data-oriented approach improved the accuracy of the computations indicated above.
