It would initially seem more sensible to think about changing the model (algorithm/code) rather than the data to increase the system's performance. The necessity of using data-centric techniques, however, becomes relevant under the limitations of model-centric AI solutions as discussed. Model-centric classification algorithms employ regularisation techniques to adjust the algorithm or code in order to enhance model performance. However, for the majority of real-time applications to work well, reliable data is essential. However, we believe that this should take into account the underlying model to the same extent. As a result, the model-centric and data-centric approaches should be viewed as two sides of the same coin, and the model-centric approach's drawbacks in particular organisations and industries shouldn't lead to its complete abandonment. This is the case for a number of pragmatic and obvious reasons. 

First, our intuitive knowledge of problem solving needs to place a lot of focus on how we act upon things, in addition to knowing items' properties and information about them. In the context of AI development, this would suggest a preference for spending more time designing and optimising intelligent algorithms and more precisely changing the hyper-parameters of the underlying model as well as the code required to implement the designed algorithms. Fixing the data set is extremely important at this stage of the project since only with a defined data set can models be compared and grouped according to performance.

Second, starting the design of AI systems with a model-centric approach offers plenty of opportunity to amass experience in comprehending real-world problems and potential computational solutions, as opposed to the experience gains that could have been obtained had research and industry adopted the data-centric approach. In fact, when attempting to solve a problem, it is often in our nature to start by acting in order to make an impact before going further to understand the properties of the items in our environment. Reinforcement learning, a recently well-publicized machine learning (ML) technique, is based on the idea that intelligent agents learn through interacting with their environments.

Third, it would be difficult to connect the final models with the real-world problems since the produced models would have undergone a completely different development process. In the early stages of AI development, academia and industry would have favoured the data-centric strategy to its counterpart model-centric method.
